the training career is a career
which has three important pillars that
is the organization in business and in
the pillar of what is innovation and
technology and has the pillar what is the
Analytical what are the races
engineering information is a
concept that is used a lot now and it
listen very much is the concept of big
dating what does it mean that no longer
only the information is important
that we have within our company in
our servers but information
that users speak on networks
social what is shared within
Internet and much more information than
happens on mobile why the race
Information engineering allows
use and take all this information
organize it and help the
decisions that companies make are
more and more scientific and help us
have better results
I believe that in addition to this
have to add that a customer a lot
stronger or the business component
that is because in the end it is the
customer information with
information that has to do with them
what you have to exploit and what to know
really made to measure
and it was a way that a
person can learn to manage
data that you already have in the same network
can learn to organize the
information to improve a company today
It's very interesting because it's a race
new that has been used in the future
will help you reach high positions
in any company because every company
nowadays he needs someone to drive
your data or information before
I just thought it was reading information
and analyze it and file for but now
I know he has a lot more field
great that you can become manager
that does not simply mark in a post
much lower and that is new to the
world and what is needed and I think it is
an opportunity for me and for a lot
people to find work in our
career as one handles information
that is around us and not what
we use as in social networks or
surveys or what they ask us to
use it later on be a company
a consultant and I would like to study it
because let's say not only do not sell them
if they do not go to your experience and you work in
a time to work is very important
currently that are social networks
as it is often confused
between an information engineer and a
systems engineer an engineer
systems is for
and structures technology systems in
change of information engineer will
It is responsible for seeing how all this data
exists at this time in the world
within the companies and outside power
organize it through different
models of different forms of
different administration topics for
take out data and to do to take out
decision issues an engineer the
information can take care of the
management of noble management of the
information technology management
of innovation management within
organizations and this campus every time
more broadly not only in Peru but
It is also a field that gives us a
very large opening level
international I would make a bet
a bet on the new does not
decidedly these are this new
trends that are taking place in the
companies are the trends that sometimes
this
it costs at the beginning a little bit to understand them
but I think that's where the challenge has been
the challenge of the new is something that is
a lot to write and I think we're in
the ability of all of us who are in
this area and the new people that
enter to write that way
well that's the new handling of that new
business resource that is called the
information